Naser Abas | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Naser Abas Adjunct Faculty Tags: Faculty Industrial Technology and Management Armour College of Engineering Home Office and Department Directory Directory Naser Abas Contact Information nabas@iit.edu Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Narjes Abbasabadi | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Narjes Abbasabadi Adjunct Professor Tags: Faculty College of Architecture Home Office and Department Directory Directory Narjes Abbasabadi Education B.ARCH., M.Arch, Tehran Azad University Ph.D. Architecture, Illinois Institute of Technology Research Interests Sustainable Built Environment Urban Building Performance Modeling Environmental Impacts Assessment Publications Abbasasabadi and Asheyari. 2019. "Urban energy use modeling methods and tools: A review and an outlook" Building and Environment Abbasasabadi, et al. 2019. "An integrated data-driven framework for urban energy use modeling" Applied Energy Abbasasabadi and Asheyari. 2017. "Towards an adaptive urbanism beyond hard control: The theories of Johnson and Lefebvre" Architectural Research Addressing Societal Challenges Professional Activities Architect at Adrian Smith+Gordon Gill Architecture Contact Information nabbasab@iit.edu 312.567.5820 Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Javad Abbasian | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Javad Abbasian Professor of Chemical Engineering Director of Graduate Affairs in the Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering Tags: Faculty Chemical and Biological Engineering Armour College of Engineering Home Office and Department Directory Directory Javad Abbasian Education MBA from University of Chicago (1996) Ph.D. from Illinois Institute of Technology (Gas Eng., 1986) M.S. from Illinois Institute of Technology (Gas Eng., 1978) B.S. from Abadan Institute of Technology, Iran (Gas Eng., 1975) Research Interests Professor Abbasian's research interests are in the areas of high-temperature gas cleaning, pollution control and solid waste management, gas separation and purification, and process design and development. Current Projects Development of a Regenerative MgO-based Process for Carbon Capture in Advanced Gasification-based Power Generation Processes. Development of Sorbent-Enhanced Water-Gas-Shift Process Development of a Process Simulator for Solid-Fuel Gasification Process Optimization for Utilization of Degraded Watersin Power Plants Professional Affiliations & Memberships American Institute of Chemical Engineers American Society for Engineering Education Awards Teacher of the Year, Armour College of Engineering 2012 Teacher of the Year, ChBE department, 2009 Publications I. Safari, M. E. Walker, M. Hsieh, D. A. Dzombak, W. Liu, R. D. Vidic, D. C. Miller, and J. Abbasian, “Utilization of Municipal Wastewater for Cooling in Thermoelectric Power Plants”, Fuel, Vol. 111 No. 1, pp 103-113, 2013. I. Safari, M. Hsieh, S. H. Chien, M. E. Walker, R. D. Vidic, D. A. Dzombak, and J. Abbasian, “Effect of CO2 Stripping on pH in Open-recirculating Cooling Water Systems ”, Environmental Progress & Sustainable Energy, DOI 10.1002/ep 11769, 2013 M. E. Walker, R. B. Theregowda, I. Safari, J. Abbasian, H Arastoopour, D. A. Dzombak, M. Hsieh, and D. C. Miller, “Utilization of Municipal Wastewater for Cooling in Thermoelectric Power plants: Evaluation of the Combined Cost of Makeup water Treatment and Increased Condenser Fouling”, Energy, Vol. 60, No. 1, pp 139-147, 2013 M.E. Walker, I. Safari, R.B. Theregowda, M.K. Hsieh, J. Abbasian, H. Arastoopour, D.A. Dzombak, D.C. Miller, “Economic impact of condenser fouling in existing thermoelectric power plants,” Energy, 44, 1, pp 429 - 437, 2012. E. Abbasi, A. Hassanzadeh and J. Abbasian, “Regenerable MgO-based sorbent for high temperature CO2 removal from syngas: 2. Two-zone variable diffusivity shrinking core model with expanding product layer” FUEL, (will be available in print later in 2012, the paper is currently available online, 2012. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0016236112004255 V.S. Gavaskar, and J. Abbasian, “Dry Regenerable Metal Oxide Sorbents for SO2 Removal from Flue Gases. 3.- Long-Term Durability” Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 51, pp 213–217, 2012. F. Rahmaninejad, V.S. Gavaskar, and J. Abbasian, “Dry Regenerable CuO/?-Al2O3 Catalyst for Simultaneous Removal of SOx and NOx from Flue gas” Applied Catalysis B: Environmental 119– 120, pp 297– 303, 2012. M.E. Walker, J. Abbasian, D.C. Chmielewski, and M.J. Castaldi, “Dry Gasification Oxy-combustion Power Cycle”, Energy & Fuels, 25 (5), pp 2258–2266, 2011. Hassanzadeh and J. Abbasian, “Regenerable MgO-Based Sorbents for High-Temperature CO2 Removal from Syngas. 1. Sorbent Development, Evaluation, and Reaction Modeling.” Accepted for publication in FUEL, 89, 1287-1297, 2010. V.S. Gavaskar and J. Abbasian, “Development of Metal Oxide Sorbents for SO2 Removal from Flue Gases. 2. Modeling of the Sulfation Reaction Involving Copper Oxide Sorbents.” Ind. Eng. Chem. Res. 46 (4), 1161-1166, 2007. V.S. Gavaskar and J. Abbasian, “Development of Metal Oxide Sorbents for SO2 Removal from Flue Gases. 1. Development and Evaluation of Copper Oxide Sorbents.” Ind. Eng Chem Res., No 1, vol. 45, 2006. K.S. Oberoi and J. Abbasian, “Effects of External Factors on the Measurement of Gas-Solid Reaction Rates.” Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 43, 956-961, 2004. Books Book chapter on “In-Situ Desulfurization of Coal Gas with Calcium-Based Sorbents” in “Desulfurization of Hot Coal Gas,” by A.T. Atimtay, and D.P. Harrison, book published by Springer-Verlag, 1996. Book chapter on “Stabilization and Regeneration of Spent Sorbents” in “Desulfurization of Hot Coal Gas,” by A.T. Atimtay, and D.P. Harrison, book published by Springer-Verlag, 1996. Patents R.B. Slimane, J. Abbasian, and B.E. Williams, “ ZnO-Based Regenerable Sulfur Sorbents for Fluid-Bed/Transport Reactor Applications,” U.S. Patent No. 6,794,333 B2, 2004. Contact Information abbasian@iit.edu 312.567.3047 312.567.8874 Room 143 Perlstein Hall Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Rasha Abed | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Rasha Abed Assistant General Council Tags: Staff Office of the General Counsel Home Office and Department Directory Directory Rasha Abed Contact Information rabed@iit.edu Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Jenna Abhijeet | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Jenna Abhijeet Asst. Dean, Student Affairs Tags: Staff Chicago-Kent College of Law Home Office and Department Directory Directory Jenna Abhijeet Contact Information jabhijeet@kentlaw.iit.edu 312.906.5005 312.906.5269 DT 310A Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Rafael Acevedo | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Rafael Acevedo Mail & Print Services Manager Tags: Staff Campus Business Services Center Home Office and Department Directory Directory Rafael Acevedo Contact Information racevedo1@iit.edu 312.567.3068 Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Sumanta Acharya | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Sumanta Acharya Professor, Mechanical Engineering Tags: Faculty Armour College of Engineering Mechanical, Materials, and Aerospace Engineering Home Office and Department Directory Directory Sumanta Acharya Education Ph.D. in Mechanical Engineering, University of Minnesota, 1982 M.S. in Mechanical Engineering, University of Minnesota, 1980 B.S. in Mechanical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology, 1978 Research Interests Fundamental Thermal and Fluid Sciences: (1) Computational methods, simulation of turbulence (direct simulations, large eddy simulations and turbulence modeling), high performance computing (2) Experimental fluid mechanics, heat transfer and combustion (3) Natural, forced and mixed convection Energy & Process Applications: (1) Gas turbine heat transfer and aerodynamics (2) Gas turbine combustion, bio-fuels and hydrogen/syngas combustion (3) Heat exchange systems, process reactors and mixing devices Professional Affiliations & Memberships American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Board of Directors-Member at Large, American Society of Thermal and Fluids Engineers (ASTFE), 2014-present Executive Committee, Heat Transfer Division, ASME, 2012-2018, Secretary 2012-14; Member at Large 2014-15 Member, ASME Heat Transfer Division (HTD) K-3 Awards Committee, 2005-2008 Chair, ASME Emerging Technology Committee (ETC), 2013-14 Chair, ASME HTD Membership Development Committee, 2004-2005 Chair, ASME K-20 Committee on Computational Heat Transfer, 2000-2003 Vice-Chair, ASME K-20 Committee on Computational Heat Transfer, 1997-2000 Member, AIAA Committee on Terrestrial Energy, 1998-2003 Member, ASME Coordinating Group on Computational Fluid Dynamics, 1996-2003 Member, ASME K-8 Committee on Theory and Fundamental, 1993-present Member, ASME K-20 Committee on Computational Heat Transfer, 1993-present Member, ASME K-11 Committee on Combustion, 1987-1994 Elected Member, Academic Advisory Board (AAB) for the Department of Energy's-University Turbine Systems Research (UTSR) program, 2006-2008 Governor's Commission on Energy (appointed by the Governor of Louisiana, Hon. Mike Foster), State of Louisiana, 2002 Governor's Basic Industries and Energy Task Force, 2003, State of Louisiana Awards Researcher to Know, Illinois Science & Technology Coalition, 2022 ASME Dedicated Service Award, 2019 AIAA (American Institute of Aeronautics & Astronautics) Thermophysics Award, 2015 Francis & Fritz Blumer Professorship in Mechanical Engineering, 2005-2014 L. R. Daniel Endowed Professorship in Mechanical Engineering, 1993-2014 AIChE (American Institute of Chemical Engineers) Donald Q. Kern Award for significant achievements in heat transfer, 2014 U Memphis Alumni Association Eye of the Tiger Award, 2014 ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers) 75th Anniversary Medal of the Heat Transfer Division for service to the heat transfer community and contributions to the field, 2013 ASME Heat Transfer Memorial Award (in Science) 2011 for "outstanding contributions to the field of heat transfer" ASME LSU-Section Best Teacher Award, 2010 LSU Distinguished Research Master Award, 2010 LSU Rainmaker 2008, 2009 (recognition for faculty research excellence) LSU Alumni Association Faculty Excellence Award, 2001 ASME Fellow, 1999 LSU Alumni Association Distinguished Faculty Award, 1997 DOW Outstanding Teacher Award, LSU, 1996 ASME Excellence in Teaching Award, LSU 1995 Publications Google Scholar Citations Tamunobere, O., & Acharya, S. (2016). Turbine blade tip film cooling with blade rotation. Part I: Tip and pressure-side coolant injection. In press, ASME J. of Turbomachinery , 138 (9), 091002. doi: 10.1115/1.4032672 Tamunobere, O., & Acharya, S. (2016). Turbine blade tip film cooling with blade rotation. Part II: Shroud coolant injection. In press, ASME J. of Turbomachinery , 138 (9), 091003. doi: 10.1115/1.4032673 Kalghatgi, P., & Acharya, S. (2015). Improved film cooling effectiveness with a round film cooling hole embedded in contoured crater. ASME J. of Turbomachinery , 137 (10), 101006-101006-1. doi: 10.1115/1.4030395 Tamunobere, O., Drewes, C., Acharya, S., & Nakamata, C. (2015). Heat transfer to an actively cooled shroud with blade rotation. ASME J. Thermal Sc. and Engng. Applns. , 7 (4), 041020. doi: 10.1115/1.4031357 Alvergue, L., Babaee, H., Gu, G., & Acharya, S. (2015). Feedback stabilization of a reduced-order model for a jet-in-crossflow. AIAA Journal , 53 (9), 2472-2481. doi: 10.2514/1.J053295 Babaee, H., & Acharya, S. (2014). A hybrid staggered/semi-staggered finite difference algorithm for solving time-dependent incompressible Navier-Stokes equations on curvilinear grids. Numerical Heat Transfer: Part B-Fundamentals , 65 (1), 1-26. doi:10.1080/10407790.2013.827012 Saha, K., & Acharya, S. (2014). Heat transfer enhancement using angled grooves as turbulence promoters. ASME J. of Turbomachinery , 136 (8), 081004. doi: 10.1115/1.4025733 Zhu, S., & Acharya, S. (2014). Flame dynamics with hydrogen addition at lean blowout limits. ASME J. of Engng. for Gas Turbines and Power , 136 (5), 051506. doi: 10.1115/1.4026321 Babaee, H., & Acharya, S. (2013). Effect of uncertainty in blowing ratio on film cooling effectiveness. ASME J. of Heat Transfer , 136 (3), 031701. doi: 10-1115/1.4025562 Babaee, H., & Acharya, S. (2013). Optimization of forcing parameters of film cooling effectiveness. ASME J. of Turbomachinery , 136 (6), 061016. doi: 10.1115/1.4025732 Karmakar, S., Wang, N., Acharya, S., & Dooley, D. (2013). Effects of rare-earth oxide catalysts on the ignition and combustion characteristics of boron nanoparticles. Combustion and Flame , 160 (12), 3004-3014. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.combustflame.2013.06.030 Expertise Heat Transfer Gas Turbines Computational Fluid Dynamics Contact Information sacharya1@iit.edu Website 312.567.3701 RE-243A Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Valeria Acquarone | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Valeria Acquarone Adjunct Industry Professor Tags: Faculty Lewis College of Science and Letters Food Science and Nutrition Home Office and Department Directory Directory Valeria Acquarone Contact Information vacquarone@iit.edu 312.567.5750 Robert A. Pritzker Science Center 3105 S. Dearborn Street Suite #106-F Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Bernhard Adams | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Bernhard Adams Research Professor of Physics Tags: Faculty Physics Lewis College of Science and Letters Home Office and Department Directory Directory Bernhard Adams Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Nader Aderangi | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Nader Aderangi Associate Teaching Professor Director of the Undergraduate Laboratory Tags: Faculty Chemical and Biological Engineering Armour College of Engineering Home Office and Department Directory Directory Nader Aderangi Education Ph.D. from Illinois Institute of Technology (Chem. Engineering, 1978) M.S. from University of Colorado (Chemical Engineering, 1973) B.S. from University of Tehran, Iran (Chemical Engineering, 1970) Research Interests Professor Aderangi brings more than 15 years of industrial and teaching experience encompassing a variety of chemical engineering and environmental engineering areas, and equipment design. Currently his research focuses on interfacial mass transfer and rheological properties. Previously, Professor Aderangi served as project engineer at Pacific Technologies in Lisle, Illinois, providing consulting services to chemical industries in such areas as piping analysis, heat transfer, and process equipment design and equipment selection. In addition to teaching chemical engineering theoretical and lab courses, Professor Aderangi has supervised the following projects: Design and construction of a plug flow reactor for a homogeneous biological reaction. Design and construction of a batch polymer reaction system to study the kinetics of an aqueous polymer solution. Modeling of emissions from fiber glass insulation and experimental testing of these materials at high temperatures (600°). Design and construction of a drag reduction testing unit with fully computerized data acquisition and control. Publications "Coalescence of Single Drops at a Liquid-Liquid Interface in the Presence of Surfactants/ Polymers," Chem. Eng. Communications J., Vol. 132, p. 207-222 (1995). "Emulsion Stability: An Analysis of the Effects of Bulk and Interfacial Properties on Film Mobility and Drainage Rate," Int. J. Multiphase Flow, Vol. 9, No. 2, 1983. "The Role of Coalescence Phenomena and Interfacial Rheological Properties in Enhanced Oil Recovery: An Overview," J. of Rheology, Vol. 23, No. 2, p. 181-207 (1979). "Observation on the Coalescence Behavior of Oil Droplets and Emulsion Stability in Enhanced Oil Recovery," Society of Petroleum Engineers J. (Dec. 1978). "The Mechanisms of Oil Bank Formation and Coalescence in Porous Media," Proc. of DOE Third Annual Symp. on Enhanced Oil, Gas Recovery, and Improved Drilling, Tulsa (1977). Contact Information aderangi@iit.edu 312.567.7046 312.567.8874 Room 138 Perlstein Hall Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Gady Agam | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Gady Agam Associate Professor of Computer Science Tags: Faculty Computer Science College of Computing Home Office and Department Directory Directory Gady Agam Research Interests Visual Computing, Computer Vision, Computer Graphics, Image and Video Processing, Pattern Recognition, Machine Learning, Geometric Modeling, Medical Imaging, Document Imaging, Virtual and Augmented Reality, Human-Computer Interfaces, Image-Based Rendering, Multimedia Computing, Graphics Recognition, Vision Geometry. Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Contact Information agam@iit.edu Website 312.567.5834 312.567.5067 Stuart Building 237E Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Ashley Agron | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Ashley Agron Director, Alumni Engagement and Giving Programs Tags: Staff Office of Advancement Home Office and Department Directory Directory Ashley Agron Contact Information aagron@iit.edu 312.567.3939 Galvin Tower, 17th Floor Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Shadan Ahmadi-Naini | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Shadan Ahmadi-Naini Report Writer, Level III Tags: Staff Office of Institutional Information and Research Home Office and Department Directory Directory Shadan Ahmadi-Naini Contact Information sahmadinaini@iit.edu Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Yesenia Alarcon | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Yesenia Alarcon Assistant Director of Academic Advising Co-Curricular Programming Tags: Staff Stuart School of Business Home Office and Department Directory Directory Yesenia Alarcon Yesenia Alarcon joined Stuart Student Affairs in April, 2022, as an academic advisor, advising graduate students on their academic program, including dual degree and co-terminal degree students. She is an Illinois Tech alumna who completed the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration/Master of Public Policy and Administration co-terminal program. Before joining the Stuart team, she worked for nonprofit organizations, most recently as a lead program coordinator working with refugees and immigrant communities. Education M.P.P.A, Economic Development and Social Entrepreneurship, Illinois Institute of Technology B.S.B.A, Finance, Illinois Institute of Technology Professional Affiliations & Memberships Alpha Sigma Alpha National Sorority Order of Omega Contact Information yalarcon@stuart.iit.edu LinkedIn Schedule an appointment 312.906.6514 Conviser Law Center, Room 401C; Mies (Main) Campus, Galvin Tower 18C7-1 Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Emily Aleisa | Chicago-Kent College of Law Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Admissions Why Chicago-Kent? Bar Passage Rates, Rankings, and Statistics J.D. Admissions LL.M. Admissions Financing Your Education Visit Campus Non-Degree Admissions Visiting Scholars Program Request Information Academics J.D. Program LL.M. Programs Joint Degree Programs Non-Degree Programs Visiting Scholars Program Academic Calendar Practical Experience Legal Clinics Legal Research and Writing Trial Advocacy Appellate Advocacy Externships Volunteer Opportunities Employment Outcomes Faculty and Scholarship Faculty Directory Faculty Scholarship Centers and Institutes Conferences and Lecture Series Student Experience Life at Chicago-Kent Diversity and Inclusion on Campus Student Support Career Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories Law Review and Legal Publications Student Organizations Campus Facilities Search term or keyword... Search About Library CLE Alumni Giving The Record News and Media Events Information For... Current Students Faculty and Staff Employers Admitted J.D. Students Admitted LL.M. Students Clients Seeking Legal Services Emily Aleisa Associate Professor of Legal Research and Writing, Assistant Director of the Martin H. Malin Institute for Law and the Workplace Full-Time Faculty Legal Research and Writing Faculty and Scholarship Faculty Directory Emily Aleisa Emily Aleisa teaches Legal Research and Writing at Chicago-Kent College of Law. Before joining the faculty in fall 2017, she served as assistant counsel for the Illinois Bankers Association. In that capacity, she researched, negotiated, and drafted a wide variety of legislation impacting the financial services industry. She also provided legal guidance to bank compliance officers on federal and Illinois financial regulation laws, as well as served as the vice chairman of the Chicago Bar Association's Financial Institutions Committee. Before law school, Aleisa founded and ran her own copywriting firm, where she drafted and edited website content, press releases, email marketing campaigns, search engine optimization content, journal and magazine articles, technical documents, and works of fiction. Aleisa graduated from Chicago-Kent in 2013. During law school, she worked as a teaching assistant for Legal Research and Writing and was a member of the Chicago-Kent Law Review and the trial advocacy team . Education J.D., Chicago-Kent College of Law B.A., University of West Florida Affiliations Legal Research & Writing Program Contact Information ealeisa@kentlaw.iit.edu 312.906.5396 565 W. Adams St., Room 765, Chicago, IL 60661 Available for media interviews on the following topics: Labor and Employment For media inquiries, please contact Petra Kelly Communications Director press@iit.edu 773.771.1064 Learn More Admissions Request Info Visit Campus 565 West Adams Street, Chicago, IL 60661 312.906.5000 312.906.5280 Directions Social Media Links Instagram Youtube Twitter Flickr Facebook LinkedIn Admissions Academics Practical Experience Faculty and Scholarship Student Experience About Library CLE Alumni Giving The Record News and Media Events Information for: Current Students Faculty and Staff Employers Admitted J.D. Students Admitted LL.M. Students Clients Seeking Legal Services Consumer Information (ABA Required Disclosures) Legal Services Disability Resources Illinois Tech © 2024 Chicago-Kent College of Law. All rights reserved. Privacy Statement
Jeremy Alexis | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Jeremy Alexis Vice Provost, Office of Professional and Continuing Education Clinical Professor of Design Tags: Faculty Media Expert Institute of Design Office of Professional and Continuing Education Home Office and Department Directory Directory Jeremy Alexis Jeremy Alexis is the Vice Provost for the Office of Professional and Continuing Education and a Clinical Professor of Design at IIT Institute of Design. He holds both a bachelor of architecture and a master of design from the Illinois Institute of Technology. He currently teaches classes on economics and design, concept evaluation, design decision making, and problem framing. Before joining IIT Institute of Design as a full-time faculty member, Jeremy worked for Doblin, gravitytank, and Archideas. He has worked with clients such as Unilever, Motorola, Citibank, Pfizer, American Express, Target Corporation, and Zebra Technologies. Education B.Arch., M.Des, Illinois Institute of Technology Contact Information alexis@id.iit.edu Available for media interviews on the following topics: Business and Economics For media inquiries, please contact Petra Kelly Communications Director press@iit.edu 773.771.1064 Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
Kawkab Alhejoj | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply Kawkab Alhejoj Adjunct Faculty of Applied Mathematics Tags: Faculty Applied Mathematics Home Office and Department Directory Directory Kawkab Alhejoj Education Ph.D. Applied Mathematics Education, Illinois Institute of Technology Contact Information kalhejoj@iit.edu RE 110 Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy
MD Ali | Illinois Institute of Technology Skip to main site navigation Skip to main content Request Info Visit Apply Search term or keyword... Search Directory News Alumni Giving Events Resources for... Academic Advising Admitted Students Alumni COVID Information Commencement Community Current Students Faculty and Staff Parents and Families School Counselors Title IX Compliance Academics Academic Programs Active Learning Initiatives Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Lifelong Learners Colleges and Institutes Study Away Elevate College Prep Libraries Academic Calendar Course Catalog Admission and Aid Apply Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Tuition and Aid Visit and Tour Request Information Student Experience Our Campus and Housing Life in Chicago Career Services and Internships Student Outcomes Athletics Student Organizations and Greek Life Services and Resources Student and Alumni Stories New Student Transition Research Featured Projects University Research Initiatives Student Research Institutes and Centers Conducting Research with Illinois Tech About Research About Mission and Vision History of Illinois Tech Leadership Administrative Offices Contact Us Campus Information Rankings and Recognition Request Info Visit Apply MD Ali Adjunct Professor of Computer Science Tags: Faculty Computer Science Home Office and Department Directory Directory MD Ali Contact Information mali54@iit.edu SB 105D Learn more... Illinois Tech welcomes you to join our community of people who discover, create, and solve. Apply today, visit us in Chicago, and contact us for more information. Request Info Visit Apply Contact 10 West 35th Street Chicago, IL 60616 312.567.3000 Contact Us Social Media Links Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Campus Emergency Information Employment Alumni Access Illinois Tech Web Links Privacy Copyright Concerns IBHE Online Complaint System Student Complaint Information Student Non-Discrimination Policy